gntp-send
=========

* a command line binary for sending notifications to growl
* a library for integrating growl into you c or c++ based applications

Platforms
---------

Sending notifications from Windows / Linux / Mac is supported. Unixes in general should be supported but are untested.
Notifications may be received by Growl on Mac or GrowlForWindows on Windows.

* windows
* linux /mac


C Functions
-----------

    int growl( server , appname, notify , title , message , icon , password , url  )

Send tcp notification. Currently this is supported only by GrowlForWindows

* server - hostname to send notification to , port can optionally be specified e.g hostname:80
* appame - id for application sending notification
* tite - title for notification
* message -  notification text
* icon - optional url for notification icon or NULL
* password 
* url - website to direct user to if they click notification or NULL

    int growl_udp( server , appname, notify , title , message , icon , password , url  )

Send udp notification. This is supported by both GrowlForWindows and Mac Growl.

As above except icon and url are ignored.

C++ Objects
-----------

    Growl *grow = new Growl( protocol , password , appname , notifications , notifications_count );
    growl->Notify( notification1 , title , message );
    growl->Notify( notification2 , title , message );

Building for MinGW
------------------

MinGW is basically gcc for Windows. make is required to build using MinGW.
To build the gntp-send.exe executable and libraries required for integration run

    mingw32-make -f Makefile.w32

Building for Visual Studio
--------------------------

nmake is required to build using Visual Studio.
To build the gntp-send.exe executable and libraries required for integration run

    nmake -f Makefile.msc

Building for UNIX
-----------------

Max OS X is basically a Unix varient and is covered by these instructions.
gcc/g++ and make are required for building.
To build gntp-send and the libraries required for integration run

    make -f Makefile

Precompiled Binaries
--------------------

Peter Sinnott is provided binaries for windows.
see: https://github.com/psinnott/gntp-send

License
-------

gntp-send and libraries are provided under BSD license.

Authors
-------

Yasuhiro Matsumoto `<mattn.jp@gmail.com>`
Peter Sinnott `<link@redbrick.dcu.ie>`
